# AI Detection Module

The AI Detection Module is a crucial part of the E-Learning platform. It evaluates student assignments to identify
AI-generated content. This module is built with FastAPI and utilizes TensorFlow models to ascertain the authenticity of
textual submissions.

## Technology Stack

- **FastAPI**: A modern, fast web framework for building APIs with Python 3.7+.
- **TensorFlow and TensorFlow Hub**: Used for handling machine learning models, particularly those involving language
  processing.
- **Pydantic**: For data validation in API requests.

## Model Details

The model used here is a TensorFlow model loaded through the `tf_keras` library. It aims to detect AI-induced anomalies
or identify AI-generated text within assignments.

## API Endpoints

### `POST /predict/`

- **Description**: Accepts a snippet of text and returns a score indicating the likelihood of it being generated by AI.
- **Request Body**:
  ```json
  {
    "text": "Your text here"
  }
  ```
- **Response**:
  ```json
  {
    "prediction": 45.67
  }
  ```
  This response indicates the percentage probability that the text was AI-generated.

## Installation and Setup

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Doan-MHV/EL-AI.git
   cd EL-AI
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**:
   Make sure to set up a Python environment (preferably virtual) and install the necessary packages.
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. **Run the application**:
   Start the FastAPI server using Uvicorn:
   ```bash
   uvicorn app:app --reload
   ```

4. **Accessing the API**:
   By default, the API will be accessible at `http://localhost:8000`.

## Usage

The AI Detection Module can be integrated with your main server through HTTP requests. Modify the frontend to send text
submissions to this FastAPI service and display the results accordingly.

## Notes

- Ensure the model file `detect_LLM_colab_method2` is available in the correct directory before running the application.
- This module currently supports plain text analysis and may require additional customization for enhanced AI detection
  capabilities.
